You've got the sales skills down.
Now we need to talk about how the team
actually communicates and works together day to
day. Because it doesn't matter how good your
calls are if the rest of the team doesn't
know what's happening with your leads.
At the BMH Group, Slack is the command
center.
Sandra is where your leads and data live.
Slack is where decisions happen, where approvals
flow, and where the team stays in sync.
We organize Slack by county.
Every market has its own channel.
Jackson County, Clay County, St.
Louis County, Montgomery County, Camden
County, and so on.
When you're working a lead in Jackson County,
anything about that lead gets discussed in
the Jackson County channel.
This keeps everything organized by
geography.
If someone needs to see what's happening in
a specific market, they know exactly where
to look.
When you draft an outbound text or email to
a seller, it goes through an approval
process before it gets sent.
You write the draft and post it in the
appropriate county channel.
Your manager reviews it.
They either approve it or ask for changes.
Once it's approved, you send it through
Dialpad or Gmail.
Every message that goes out to a seller
represents the BMH Group, so we want the tone,
the content, and the timing to be right.
Early on, you'll go through this on
everything.
As you build trust and demonstrate solid
judgment, the process speeds up.
But it always exists as a quality check.
When a lead gets serious, when it's moving
through discovery and heading toward a
handoff, use threads in Slack to keep the
discussion organized.
Tag the relevant team members.
Something like, lead ready for handoff,
Diane Weber, Dayton duplex, full notes
in Sandra, summary, tired landlord, 11
years, behind on taxes,
wants out before fall, very motivated.
That kind of post gives everyone immediate
context without having to go dig through the
CRM. Threads keep deal specific conversations
contained so they don't get buried in
the general channel flow.
When a lead moves to stage four and you're
doing the handoff, make sure everything is
pushed to Sandra first.
Complete seller profile, all your discovery
notes, a motivation summary, their timeline,
property condition details, price expectations,
who the decision maker is, how and when
they prefer to be contacted, and any
sensitivities or hot buttons the acquisition team
should know about.
Then post the handoff summary in Slack and
tag the acquisition team member who's picking
it up. That dual communication, CRM data
plus Slack notification, make sure nothing
falls through the cracks.
When sellers respond to your texts or emails,
you log the response in Sandra immediately
and post it in the appropriate county
channel.
If the response needs attention, if the seller
is ready to move forward or has questions
or raised an objection, tag the right
person.
If it's something you can handle yourself,
like a simple follow-up or scheduling a
callback, just handle it and log it.
We do daily standups in Slack.
Keep them short, how many dials you made,
any standout conversations, leads that moved
stages or got handed off, anything you're
stuck on, and what you're planning for
tomorrow. Three to five lines.
That's it. Your manager and the team review
these to stay aligned on what's happening
across the board.
If you hit a situation you're not sure how
to handle, whether it's a tricky objection,
an unusual property, a seller asking about
something you haven't seen before, don't
guess. Post in Slack and tag your manager.
Something like, have a seller in KC asking
about selling while in Chapter 13 bankruptcy.
Not sure how to proceed.
Notes in Sandra under their name.
Then keep working your other leads while you
wait for guidance.
It is always better to ask than to give a
seller wrong information.
Always.
A few things about how we operate as a team.
Overcommunicate. If you're not sure whether
something is worth sharing in Slack, share
it anyway. It's better to have too much
information flowing than not enough.
When someone tags you, respond within the
hour during work hours.
Keep everything professional.
Slack is a work tool, not a group chat with
friends.
And when something good happens, when a deal
closes, when someone has a great call, when
a lead finally converts after weeks of
follow up, post it, celebrate it.
Wins build momentum for the whole team, not
just the person who got the deal.
That's how the BMH Group works day to day.
Your leads live in the CRM, your communication
lives in Slack, your calls go through
Dialpad, and the whole team stays connected
through those three systems.
Learn the flow, follow the process, and
you'll fit right in.
Alright, that wraps up your day to day
playbook.
Your roleplay for this section is an elderly
seller in Dayton whose adult son is opposed
to the sale. You'll need to navigate family
dynamics with patience and earn trust from
both of them. When you're done, there's one
more stop where this role can take you.